# MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

### W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS Nadia-Health and the Company will each provide to and receive from the other certain information, which is non-public, confidential, and proprietary in nature for the purpose of conducting business together; and

WHEREAS Nadia-Health and the Company are concerned that the disclosure and demonstration of the Confidential Information is not kept completely confidential, and neither Nadia-Health and the Company Confidential Information (as defined below) to each other will have a detrimental impact upon their businesses if would make available Confidential Information unless the receiving party agrees to keep that Confidential Information confidential pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the potential mutual benefits to be derived by the parties hereto by and through this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Nadia-Health and the Company hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
   1. Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party shall mean any and all technical and non-technical information, including, without limitation, patent, copyright, trade secret and proprietary information, data techniques, sketches, drawings, models, inventions, know-how, processes, apparatus, equipment, manufacturing specifications, algorithms, software programs, software source documents, and formulae related to the current, future and proposed products and services of each of the parties. Confidential Information also includes, without limitation, the parties’ respective information concerning research, experimental work, development, design details and specifications, engineering, financial information, sales information, statistical compilations, financial statements, financial projections, business plans, listings, contractual obligations and terms thereof, employee lists, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists, business forecasts, sales, merchandising, and marketing plans. Further, Confidential Information also includes (i) proprietary or confidential information of any third party who may disclose such information to either party in the course of the parties’ business, and (ii) this Agreement, and the existence of any business negotiations, discussions or relationship by and between the parties

   2. Disclosing Party ” shall mean the party (either Nadia-Health or the Company) disclosing or providing Confidential Information, and “ Recipient ” shall mean the party (either Nadia-Health or the Company) receiving the Confidential Information.

   3. Derivatives ” shall mean: (i) for copyrightable or copyrighted material, any translation, abridgment, revision or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (ii) for patentable or patented material, any improvement thereon; and (iii) for material which is protected by trade secret, any new material derived from such existing trade secret material, including new material which may be protected by copyright, patent and/or trade secret. All materials (including without limitation, documents, drawings, models, apparatus, sketches, designs, and lists) furnished to Recipient by the Disclosing Party, and which are designated in writing to be the property of the Disclosing Party, shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party and shall be returned to it promptly at its request, together with any copies thereof

2. Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. Recipient agrees that it will not make use of, disseminate, or in any way disclose (or allow to be disclosed or viewed) any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any party other than Recipient’s officers, managers, directors, employees and advisors (the “ Authorized Representatives ”) who need to know such information (provided that such officers, manage rs, directors, employees and advisors have agreed to be bound by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of this Agreement). Without limiting the foregoing, the disclosure of Confidential Information by the Recipient to any third-party supplier, subcontractor or manufacturer of Recipient is hereby prohibited without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party. Furthermore, the existence of any business negotiations, discussions, consultations, or agreements in progress between the parties shall not be released to any public media without written approval of both parties. With respect to any equipment, component, software, prototypes, or samples sold, leased, or otherwise delivered to the Recipient by the Disclosing Party, the Recipient shall not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise analyze the physical construction of any such items. The Recipient agrees that it shall treat all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party with the same degree of care as it affords its own Confidential Information (but which in any event shall not be less than a reasonable standard ofcare). The Recipient shall assume full responsibility and liability to the Disclosing Party for any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information by any of the Recipient’s Authorized Representatives. Recipient shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Disclosing Party, its affiliates, their respective managers, directors, officers and employees, and in each case, their respective successors and assigns from and against all liabilities, claims, indebtedness, obligations, commitments, expenses or claims whatsoever, including reasonable counsel fees, which may be asserted against or suffered by the Disclosing Party, its affiliates, their respective managers, directors, officers and employees, and in each case, their respective successors and assigns, as the case may be, arising out of, relating to, resulting from Recipient’s breach or violation of this Agreement.
3. Notification of Unauthorized Use or Disclosure. The recipient will immediately give notice to the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. Recipient agrees to assist the Disclosing Party in remedying any such unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information, and to assume full responsibility for any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by any of Recipient’s representatives
4. Exclusions from Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Obligations. Recipient’s obligations under Section 2 shall terminate when the Recipient can document that such Confidential Information was (i) in the public domain at or subsequent to the time it was communicated to Recipient by the Disclosing Party through no fault of Recipient;
   (ii) rightfully in Recipient’s possession free of any obligation of confidence at or subsequent to the time it was communicated to Recipient by the Disclosing Party; (iii) developed by an employee or agent of Recipient independently of and without reference to any information communicated to Recipient by the Disclosing Party; or (iv) disclosed as required by applicable laws or regulations or an order by a court or other regulatory body having competent jurisdiction or to establish the rights of either party under this Agreement; provided, however, that except where impossible, the Recipient shall give the Disclosing Party reasonable advance notice of such required disclosure and shall afford Disclosing Party an opportunity to oppose, limit or secure confidential treatment for such required disclosure.
5. Ownership of Confidential Information and Other Materials; Further Obligation. All Confidential Information and any Derivatives remain the property of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement shall create or imply any license or grant of rights to either party hereunder, or act as a waiver of any rights that either party may have at law or otherwise to prevent infringement or misappropriation of any patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how or other intellectual property rights owned or controlled by either party or any of their affiliates. The Recipient shall not, because of or based upon any Confidential Information or Derivatives, seek to patent, or obtain any other form of intellectual property protection with respect to or related to the Confidential Information or Derivatives of the Disclosing Party, nor use the Confidential Information or Derivatives of the Disclosing Party to obtain or seek to obtain a commercial advantage over the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create or imply any obligations on the part of either party to negotiate, discuss or enter into any other transaction or agreement.
6. Disclosure of Third-Party Information. Neither party shall communicate any information to the other in violation of the proprietary rights of any third party.
7. No Warranty. All Confidential Information is provided “AS IS” and without any warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, regarding its accuracy or performance
8. No Export. Neither party shall export, directly or indirectly, any technical data acquired from the other pursuant to this Agreement or any product utilizing any such data to any country for which the United States Government or any agency thereof at the time of export requires an export license or other government approval without first obtaining such license or approval.
9. Term. This Agreement shall govern all communications between the parties that are made during the period from the Effective Date to the date on which either party receives from the other written notice that subsequent communication shall not be so governed, provided, however, that the Recipient’s obligations under Section 2 with respect to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party which it has previously received shall continue in perpetuity unless terminated pursuant to Section 4. Upon termination of this Agreement or upon the written request of either party, Recipient shall cease using the Confidential Information and Recipient shall certify to Disclosing Party in writing that all copies (in any form or media) of the Confidential Information, whether or not modified or incorporated into other materials, have been destroyed or returned to Disclosing Party.
10. Assignment and Modification. The Company shall not assign, delegate or transfer (whether by operation of law or otherwise) any rights or obligations under this Agreement without obtaining the prior written consent of Trig Innovation. Any assignment, delegation, or transfer in violation of this Section 10 shall be void and of no effect. This Agreement may only be modified in writing, by the mutual agreement of the authorized representatives of the parties.
11. Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows with notice deemed given as indicated: (i) by personal delivery when delivered personally; (ii) by overnight courier upon written verification of receipt; (iii) by telecopy or facsimile transmission upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission; or (iv) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notice shall be sent to the addresses set forth above or such other address as either party may specify in writing.
12. Governing Law. The validity, construction, interpretation, and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of North Carolina, as such laws are applied to agreements entered into, and to be performed entirely within North Carolina between North Carolina residents.
13. Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of law to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the legality, validity, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby.
14. Waiver. The waiver or failure of either party to exercise in any respect any rights provided for in this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of any further right.
15. Remedies. Each party acknowledges that a breach of any of the promises or agreements contained herein will result in irreparable and continuing damage to such non-breaching party for which there will be no adequate remedy at law, and therefore in the event of any such breach, the non-breaching party may be entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance, and such other relief as may be proper (including monetary damages if appropriate)
16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement with respect to the Confidential Information and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such Confidential Information
17. Jurisdiction; Attorneys’ Fees. If legal action is commenced by either party to enforce or defend its rights under this Agreement, such action shall be brought only in a court located in Durham County or Wake County, North Carolina, and the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party in any litigation will be entitled to recover all reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and court costs incurred in such litigation, in addition to any other relief granted.
18. Authorized Signatories. Each party represents and warrants that its duly authorized representative has executed this Agreement on behalf of such party.
19. Counterparts This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. PDF signature pages shall be deemed original signature pages.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date

**(Nadia-Health or the Company) disclosing or providing**
By: Nadia-Health
Name: Drrell Harris
Title: CEO | Owner
 
